README.md, before:

App-Template

===========

Description: The default app template used by developers as the basis for their apps.



Notes

----

Add any notes you may find pertinent
 


Changelog

----
03/22/2016, smadara, Cleaned up main.html, Cleaned up app-lib.js and added additional variables

03/21/2016, smadara, Totally changed how common areas are embedded into main.html, modifed app-lib.js

03/16/2016, smadara, Removed styling options to main.html, added additional instructions, added notes.txt

03/14/2016, smadara, Added styling options to main.html, removed script.js



03/09/2016, smadara, Heavily modified main.html, cleaned up app-lib.js



12/30/2015, mstiles, Added new global variable scrolled main.html



12/8/2015, smmadara, Modified main.html to reflect new app template



11/20/2015, mstiles, Removed call to scroll to top on load in main.html's

11/20/2015, mstiles, Scroll to top onload



11/10/2015, mstiles, added readme.txt changelog



11/10/2015, mstiles, main.hta made resizable

Commit message:

03/24/2016
Continued to clean up main.html included consolidating the Permissions
tab, Added additional variables to app-lib.js

README.md, after:

App-Template

===========

Description: The default app template used by developers as the basis for their apps.



Notes

----

Add any notes you may find pertinent
 


Changelog

----
03/24/2016, smadara, Continued to clean up main.html included consolidating the Permissions tab, Added additional variables to app-lib.js

03/22/2016, smadara, Cleaned up main.html, Cleaned up app-lib.js and added additional variables

03/21/2016, smadara, Totally changed how common areas are embedded into main.html, modifed app-lib.js

03/16/2016, smadara, Removed styling options to main.html, added additional instructions, added notes.txt

03/14/2016, smadara, Added styling options to main.html, removed script.js



03/09/2016, smadara, Heavily modified main.html, cleaned up app-lib.js



12/30/2015, mstiles, Added new global variable scrolled main.html



12/8/2015, smmadara, Modified main.html to reflect new app template



11/20/2015, mstiles, Removed call to scroll to top on load in main.html's

11/20/2015, mstiles, Scroll to top onload



11/10/2015, mstiles, added readme.txt changelog



11/10/2015, mstiles, main.hta made resizable
